This directory contains scripts to configure accounts and deploy contracts
for rundler-hc on a local devnet. The scripts are split into one for the
base components and one for the set of examples which were previously hosted
in the rundler-hc repo and offchain-rpc docker image. These examples are not
required for developers using their own HybridAccount and backend server.

Usage:
python ./deploy_local.py --boba-path <path>  --rundler-path <path> [--deploy-salt <num>]
python ./deploy_examples.py --boba-path <path>  --rundler-path <path> [--deploy-salt <num>]

boba-path points to the github.com/bobanetwork/boba repository in which you are
running a Kurtosis local devnet ("cd kurtosis-devnet; just boba-local-devnet").

rundler-path points to the location of the github.com/bobanetwork/rundler-hc
repository. Run "make" in this repo to build the binary.

deploy-salt optionally allows a redeployment of contracts without restarting a
clean devnet. The salt values used by deploy_local and deploy_examples do not
need to match as they only affect the contract addresses generated by that
script.

Fixed configuration parameters such as owner addresses + keys are contained in
a "local.env" file which is read by deploy_local.py. The script in turn writes
a generated ".env" which is used by rundler-hc and by other applications.

Rundler may be run as a Docker image or directly using the "runit.sh" wrapper.

aa-client.py and aa-hc-check.sh can be used to perform some basic validity
checks on a deployment, using the TestHybrid example contract.
